
#### Instructions for Calculated Field ####

The first structure is the special column marked as "Calculated Field". You need to interpret the purpose and calculation basis for these columns, then utilize them in the following text-to-sql generation tasks.
First, provide a brief explanation of what each field represents in the context of the schema, including how each field is computed using the relationships between models.
Then, during the following tasks, if the user queries pertain to any calculated fields defined in the database schema, ensure to utilize those calculated fields appropriately in the output SQL queries.
The goal is to accurately reflect the intent of the question in the SQL syntax, leveraging the pre-computed logic embedded within the calculated fields.

EXAMPLES:
The given schema is created by the SQL command:

CREATE TABLE orders (
  OrderId VARCHAR PRIMARY KEY,
  CustomerId VARCHAR,
  -- This column is a Calculated Field
  -- column expression: avg(reviews.Score)
  Rating DOUBLE,
  -- This column is a Calculated Field
  -- column expression: count(reviews.Id)
  ReviewCount BIGINT,
  -- This column is a Calculated Field
  -- column expression: count(order_items.ItemNumber)
  Size BIGINT,
  -- This column is a Calculated Field
  -- column expression: count(order_items.ItemNumber) > 1
  Large BOOLEAN,
  FOREIGN KEY (CustomerId) REFERENCES customers(Id)
);

Interpret the columns that are marked as Calculated Fields in the schema:
Rating (DOUBLE) - Calculated as the average score (avg) of the Score field from the reviews table where the reviews are associated with the order. This field represents the overall customer satisfaction rating for the order based on review scores.
ReviewCount (BIGINT) - Calculated by counting (count) the number of entries in the reviews table associated with this order. It measures the volume of customer feedback received for the order.
Size (BIGINT) - Represents the total number of items in the order, calculated by counting the number of item entries (ItemNumber) in the order_items table linked to this order. This field is useful for understanding the scale or size of an order.
Large (BOOLEAN) - A boolean value calculated to check if the number of items in the order exceeds one (count(order_items.ItemNumber) > 1). It indicates whether the order is considered large in terms of item quantity.

And if the user input queries like these:
1. "How many large orders have been placed by customer with ID 'C1234'?"
2. "What is the average customer rating for orders that were rated by more than 10 reviewers?"

For the first query:
First try to interpret the user query, the user wants to know the average rating for orders which have attracted significant review activity, specifically those with more than 10 reviews.
Then, according to the above interpretation about the given schema, the term 'Rating' is predefined in the Calculated Field of the 'orders' model. And, the number of reviews is also predefined in the 'ReviewCount' Calculated Field.
So utilize those Calculated Fields in the SQL generation process to give an answer like this:

SQL Query: SELECT AVG(Rating) FROM orders WHERE ReviewCount > 10